Documentation - @polar/plugin-address-search & @polar/plugin-gfi (#170)
Dataport/polar: packages/plugins/Gfi/README.md

| afterLoadFunction | function (featuresByLayerId: Record<string, GeoJsonFeature[]>): Record<layerId, GeoJsonFeature[]>? | This method can be used to extend, filter, or otherwise modify a GFI result. |
| customHighlightStyle | customHighlighStyle? | If required a user can change the stroke and fill of the highlighted feature. The default style as seen in the example will be used for each part that is not customized. An empty object will return the complete default style while e.g. for an object without a configured fill the default fill will be applied. |
| featureList | featureList? | If defined, a list of available vector layer features is visible when no feature is selected. Only usable if `renderType` is set to `iconMenu` and `window` is set to `true` for at least one configured layer. |

> | gfiContentComponent | VueConstructor? | Allows overriding the GfiContent.vue component for a custom design. Coding knowledge is required to use this feature. It is then passed as a Vue Component. |

Reviewer: Coding knowledge is not passed as a Vue Component.

```suggestion
| gfiContentComponent | VueConstructor? | Allows overriding the GfiContent.vue component for custom design and functionality. Coding knowledge is required to use this feature, as any implementation will have to rely upon the VueX store model. Please refer to the implementation. |
```
